Hi there, I'm Cedric Scherer and I have the honor to teach the upcoming workshop Engaging
and Beautiful Data Visualizations with ggplot2 at the Posit Conference, which is going to
happen this year in September in Chicago.
The course is for anyone who already knows the fundamental principles of this graphics
library, but doesn't want to only create simple and basic charts, but go beyond that and create
custom and detailed graphics that stand out and successfully tell a story by guiding and
engaging the viewer.
So here are three main reasons why I think you don't want to miss this workshop.
The first is that you will get insights and hands-on experience on how to design advanced
data visualizations with code only.
I will share helpful tricks, exciting extension packages and other useful utilities that I've
gathered over the years working with this powerful library.
A range of examples of popular and less common chart types will showcase the potential of
ggplot2 to create any graphic you can think of, all reproducible, transparent and without
the need for any manual post-processing.
Second, you will learn how to leverage the power of ggplot2 to ensure a corporate and
custom look and be more efficient.
I'll cover how to modify any aspect of your graphic and also how to create your own corporate
themes and color scales with sensible defaults and personal options if you want.
This will hopefully help you, your team and potential collaborators to design graphics
with a consistent look in a more efficient way while providing all the flexibility that
ggplot2 has to offer.
And last but not least, you'll also learn how to create charts that provide a clear
narrative and guide the viewers.
I will show you how to use suitable colors, modify labels, add annotations and other highlights
to enrich your visualizations, empowering you to apply the general basic principles
of graphical storytelling when working with ggplot2.
So these are some of the highlights of the upcoming workshop on ggplot2 and if this sounds
interesting, then don't miss this opportunity and join us at the POSIT conference in Chicago.